Dataset and codes used for paper "Breaking barriers in academic communication: Insights from a novel face-to-face interaction tracking app at an international conference" (Yabe et al., in prep)

# Files

## presentations_raw.csv (not publicly available)
A list of presentations, including their titles and abstracts. This file is confidential and cannot be made public.

## presentation_doc2vec.ipynb
A Google Colab notebook containing the code used to transform presentation abstracts into vectors with Doc2Vec. The code was executed on Google Colab on 2024-11-11.
* Input: presentations_raw.csv
* Output: presentations_vectors.csv

## presentations_vectors.csv
A list of presentations represented by 50-dimensional vectors derived from the abstracts. Presentation titles and abstracts are masked.

## author_relations.csv
A table of relationships connecting attendees to presentations. These relationships include user-defined connections and those preloaded from registration data.

## attendees.csv
A list of attendees, including their research fields, countries, and registration types.

## connections.csv
A log of profile exchanges made through the app.

## null_model.ipynb
A Google Colab notebook used for generating random networks using Maslov-Sneppen rewiring algorithm based on observed network. This code was executed five times separately. 
* Inputs: presentations_vectors.csv, author_relations.csv, attendees.csv, connections.csv
* Outputs: null_model_results/[country/field]\_matrix_samples\_[0-4].npy

## null_model_results/[country/field]\_matrix_samples\_[0-4].npy
Aggregated counts of connections among countries/fields in random networks generated by Maslov-Sneppen rewiring algorithm. Each file contains results from 10000 randomised networks.

## null_model_aggregation/[country/field]_row_col_names.csv
Row names and column names for the npy files above.

## null_model_aggregation/aggregate_null_model.ipynb
A Google Colab notebook used for aggregating the outputs of null models (npy files). The five results from randomised networks are combined. Then, the mean and standard devitaion of connection counts was calculated for each country/field pairs.
* Inputs: null_model_results/[country/field]\_matrix_samples\_[0-4].npy, [country/field]_row_col_names.csv
* Outputs: sample_[mean/std]_[country/field].csv

## null_model_aggregation/sample_[mean/std]_[country/field].csv
The aggregated mean and standard devitaion of connection counts, which was calculated for each country/field pairs.

## analysis_and_visualization.ipynb
A Google Colab notebook containing code for data aggregation, statistical analysis, and visualization.
* Inputs: presentations_vectors.csv, author_relations.csv, attendees.csv, connections.csv, sample_[mean/std]_[country/field].csv
* Outputs: country_relations.gexf, field_relations.gexf, and other figures (PDF, SVG)
